## My friend's birthday!
Today was a good. I didn't go to my first class because I was feeling sick, my second class was cancelled, and we didn't do much in my third class. It was stress free class-wise.

Tonight me and a few others went to our friend Mika's birthday party! He turned twenty today!
We played his favourite game and everyone gambled, I think someone won like $30. 
We mostly sat around and talked and ate pizza, it was fun meeting all of his friends!

After the party I was asked to stay along with one of my good friends and we gossiped about someone our other friends absolutely love.
We think he's a tool, we hate the way he treats his supposed friends, especially his girlfriend.
Afterwords, we were also convinced to wear a maid-dress as part of Mika's art project. It was a fun night!

I'm glad I have friends that aren't total jackasses. A part of me is reluctant to tell them things about myself. The only time I've ever really revealed things about me or been vulnerable with them is when I've been incredibly tired and don't think straight.
I trust them. But I'm afraid that if I tell them too much about me I will hurt them. Hopefully I can get over my issues with vulnerability sometime within the next year or so. I've been working on it for a while now and I think there's been some progress.

I've also been recently trying to get over my social anxieties by talking to people I don't know super well, and so far it's been great! I've made some good friends because of it and met some very interesting people.
Social anxiety sucks, but I'm stronger than it. My fear of sociality won't be a source of insecurity for me anymore. I will heal. I will grow.
