## Storytelling
I'm currently in a fifth-edition homebrew Dungeons & Dragons campaign! I'm playing as a warlock named Io, with a few of my other friends! 
The setting takes place in this industrialised dystopia in which the gods have meddled with the lives of mortals, now it is up to us (the party) to stop the war!

My character did something that the DM wasn't expecting. Unlike my other party members, Io refuses to kill. So they split from the rest of the party and are now trying to figure out a way to end the conflict and stop the big-bad through nonviolent means. It's very interesting!
Currently they're back at their home, an underground city, trying to gather forces and create a plan that'll result in absolutely no bloodshed. I can't wait to see how this plays out, especially considering that another party member is bound by divine contract to kill in order to survive. Supposedly, if they kill the big-bad they'll never have to kill again. I want to try and find another way for them to complete their contract, through nonviolence of course.

After the session, my friend invited me, as well as a few others, to his place so we could relax! We talked, played games, watched stupid videos, and drank alcohol. Fun fact about me: I have an incredibly high alcohol tolerance. The last time I drank it took me five shots of vodka to get even a little bit tipsy. 
I love the taste of alcohol! I don't understand why my friends don't-- its taste is... Well, intoxicating! This time I didn't drink too much, I only had four or five spiked lemonades and I hardly even got tipsy.

I enjoy talking to my friends. They remind me that I'm a person, that I am whole. 
I often feel most like myself when I am around others. When I'm alone or with one other person I feel like a shell. Like everything I'm doing is just to entertain.
I'm an entertainer. A performer. But when I am around my friends, surrounded by love, the performance feels more natural. It's still there; I still feel the compulsion to do whatever it is to make them laugh or make them happy, even if it's at my own expense, but I feel more like myself when I'm around the people I love most. Like a normal person.

My partner hasn't been talking to me recently. Whenever we talk it's always really short. He says that he wants to call me and hear my voice, but then never asks to call. 
Whenever I have asked him how he's feeling he dodges the question. I often have to ask repeatedly to get an answer out of him, and even then he's not very descriptive about how he is or how his day went. Sometimes I think he's lying just to appease me.

But it's fine. My friends have subtly suggested that maybe I shouldn't try to be fixing things. That I'm unhappy in this relationship and I should let things go. But I just can't.
I see good in him. I see a man who cares about me. I don't want to leave him. And if I did I don't think I'd ever forgive myself for hurting him. He doesn't deserve heartbreak. He deserves to be happy, and according to him I make him happy, so I'm willing to be unhappy for a little while so he can finally have the life he deserves.
His whole life he's dealt with adversity. He's wanted nothing more than to live the college life and be an academic. I've asked him and he's happy in our relationship. He likes short bursts of euphoria every few months when we get to see eachother, which I don't mind. I just wish that the happiness in our relationship was more consistent. I don't really like being unhappy for a long period of time and then being happy for a short while when I see him. 
But I trust that things will be alright. He's assured me that he's working on reaching out more, and that he's trying to do a better job of checking in and communicating more. I think things are going to be okay! I trust and I love him. Things will sort themselves out. Everything typically goes really well for me, so I'm not worried!
