## What the fuck man.
Today I woke up with a hangover. This has never happened before. 

Typically after a long night of heavily drinking and conspiring against my liver, I'll wake up in the morning feeling fantastic, maybe I'll feel a little top-heavy if anything.
But today when I opened the blinds I felt this sharp pain radiate through my skull. A part of me liked how it felt, but still I don't know how this happened. 
I didn't even drink that much? Why was I hungover? This is bullshit.

Anyways, after getting ready for the day I got brunch with Sydney and we talked about inconsequential things. They're a fun guy to hang around with.
We went for a walk around the residential area, as the weather was absolutely beautiful today, one of the first sunny days without a cold temperature in weeks.

He showed me what he calls "The Schizo House." It's a house with a bunch of lawn ornaments, signs, and wind chimes. I think it's delightful.
We walked for a bit more and saw a very rectangular black cat. He was funny looking. 

After our walk we did homework for the rest of the day. I got some assignments done and now I'm fully caught up with my work for the week. At least I think I am. I hope I didn't forget any assignments.

Later today, I talked to some of my suitemates. They talked about romantic interests, and we judged some people that one of them found on Hinge. I went out into town and bought sandwiches for the three of us for dinner.
The rest of the night I just played video games. Now I'm updating the blog!

Alex and I are talking about conspiracy theories.
